and swung and missed it winds going by
Millburn prison cell would be butchered
the ball last time kicks up long gotta
watch out for drenching over the top was
Johnson data Johnson taken by Mackey on
the cheese play relevant some talk about
cell was last court this is cell was
last quarter thirteen disposals five
contested possessions and three
clearances should have got a free-kick
down the ground and on their lucky whose
Varma giving him a lot of intention a
feet kick the ball and he's had one heck
of a last term hasn't he it would sin
again so they're gonna find two girls
here the Dockers
it's got thorns I'm short but is in a
contest
poor result but just do my work for them
go back to my partner Johnson space 15
five of these tips on this job
to sound like you're wrapping Bruce
MC Bruce goodnight
I think it's quite obvious that
fremantle have tried to lift their
intensity they realize that it's
last-ditch for them race powers over to
roll out of a tackle there give a dummy
hand ball and kick it long to the goal
square
go to talk to him and fremantle been
fantastic
Anzac Day deserves this sort of finish
wanna finish we're headed for not good
for the coaches two points the
difference Jalan lead by trialed midway
through the second to him by 39 San
Juans goes out tries to direct the game
of Parma trying to force a passage a
blur get it out I'd like to see the
umpire there that I'm farmer that was
impossible in feminine bouncing and at
that Cinebench Fremantle had a free
playa in their backline but now a long
us in Mackay Ford
so all those defenders are engaged and
this is a testimony to the Sandilands
conditioning when's another one
Pizza Pizza Dan Awards have fallen down
guys
at the back challenging and Kelly just
dropped it across the woods Dalit
tagging Bai Ling check out the words the
wing Davidson legs back
Johnson is track again Davidson lost the
Johnson's left alive his dog is well
trial
good stuff wasn't they had a chance then
we create unhappy over there but I don't
think that was deliberate its left foot
to still Sandilands going mumford
against him nobody could pick up did
really well monkey handle not so good
Shama finds and now back to mainly the
advantage given the kicked Awards
pamphlets with him with some scarlet
McManus Milburn boundary travel what a
contest that is scarred and pad which is
going the best body planners in the
competition that managed to get front
paws E which it was to and fro concerned
limbs do something here yes you can lays
it down to McManus on the Left kicks to
fall for just cleaning getting anything
on the kick taken by Enright Ling's away
this side up by two points laying to
spice and Millburn a couple of the
veterans will
Johnson is breaking that gauze that
guy's looking for money off his
fingertips and across the line boundary
throwing support decision down he
brought McManus to go to the mark he
should have stayed with Milburn they
might have actually been able to hold
them up down here at Fremantle half
forward line Sanderlings and Blake Blake
wins this one
down in front Shama going nowhere that's
a lot of skill over the top of him
all the fremantle forwards have pushed
up into the center half forward region
even further up to the wing there's peb
which is panic over the back not sure
you can do that silence is flammable
IKEA Simon is tackle by
gambol kept his head down
by Salomon across the boundary line 145
to go
blacken Sandilands so now free-kick
Mundy's handball girl Tia no it was good
turn quickly to Kelly he put some
running back with ammonia tax such an
important ball now
Johnson's hanbô Thornton for the chance
to take well Thornton swings to Mandy
was like a days ago the thoughts of
everyone in part terrific staff too
about 71 kicks to Pavlich gun
that was the tackle in midfield by
silver there and thought the spy here to
knock the ball across we're full of
heroics the last five minutes and free
metal have really stood up they've given
themselves not virginity to win this
match
well he said his best result ever
against chillin with five at the start
of the night Nathan talked about a
glitch he was the key have a big night
for them to win well he has to have a
good kick here you'd written for them
during the match if he kicks this
they're back in front
it's looking good hit the post
Pegasus could we get two
the spices penalty those five
we're back too far down
doesn't blood time on again
there's Millburn maybe i-89 yes hook the
game in the balance cell what now
Kelly's calling every jump flowers of a
defensive hive and they're gonna have
time to get there because he had a bands
in the full was actually 60 Medes there
from God now the clock is continuing to
run Sandilands has to go the gulf square
here I don't know what happened there
I'll give it that should be at 16 long
take that a let's go forward Tyler
that's the saving knock it will be all
jellal have come from the clouds and won
by a point
and it got down to the width of the
goalposts Bob the back
we're not responsible for the time for I
reckon there's about 10 seconds got
sucked up there if it was me he'll be
mentioning it after the game but
fantastic result I think it really would
have mattered because Taylor took the
mark and will advise the clock after
that but what a fantastic